Update release-notes.md by adding IP addresses update of the App-connectors section. (#444)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/release-notes.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
>**Enhanced proxy URL for access controls (gradual rollout)**  
Starting in early July 2021, we will change our access endpoint from `<mcas-dc-id>.access-control.cas.ms` to `access.mcas.ms`. Make sure you update your network appliance rules before the end of June, as this can lead to access issues. For more information, see [Access and session controls](network-requirements.md#access-and-session-controls)

> >**On November 15th 2021, Cloud App Security will update its IP addresses in the "app connectors" section. Please update the IP addresses in your third-party apps accordingly. For more information, see [appconnectors sectio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cloud-app-security/network-requirements#app-connector)**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!NOTE]
>On November 15, 2021, Cloud App Security will update its IP addresses in the **App connectors** section. Please update the IP addresses in your third-party apps accordingly. For more information, see the [App connector] (network-requirements.md#app-connector) section in the Network requirements page.
```
